Allow GMT_Put_Vector to convert other text items than datetime (#4849)
GenericMappingTools/gmt: doc/rst/source/api.rst

    int GMT_Put_Vector (void *API, struct GMT_VECTOR *V, unsigned int col,
	unsigned int type, void *vector);

where ``V`` is the :ref:`GMT_VECTOR <struct-vector>` created by GMT_Create_Data_,
``col`` is the vector column in question, ``type`` is one of the recognized data
:ref:`types <tbl-types>` used for this vector, and ``vector`` is a pointer to the
user's read-only custom vector.  In addition, ``type`` may also be  **GMT_TEXT**,
in which case we expect an array of strings with numbers, longitudes, latitudes,
or ISO datetime strings and we do the conversion to internal numerical values and
allocate a vector to hold the result in the given ``col``.  By default that vector
will be assigned to type **GMT_DOUBLE** but you can add another primary data type
for the conversion if you prefer (e.g., **GMT_TEXT**\|\ **GMT_LONG** to get final 

> internal absolute time in integer seconds). For these four special data types GMT
> allocates internal memory to hold the concerted data and ``vector`` is not used
> any further.

Reviewer: Fix typos.
```suggestion
internal absolute time in integer seconds). For the special data type **GMT_TEXT** GMT
allocates internal memory to hold the converted data and ``vector`` is not used
any further.
```
